# Senior project abstract

Abstract: The goal of this project is to develop a database driven website application that allows users to browse their book through genre, view the reviews and write their own review. A relational database will be used to store book details, users, genres, and reviews. The web application will include administration capabilities, which will allow admin to set permissions for users, edit, delete, and add for books, reviews, or gernes. Moreover, the website will consist of multiple public web pages such as contact us, home, book list, and about us.
The website will limit accessibility depending on your permissions as a user. Admin will have access to all pages including manage books list, reviews list, genres list and user permission. Logged in users but are not admin will have access to all pages except users list and genre list and they can only edit, delete, and add reviews that are their own. If admin grants users permission to edit/add/delete review/genre/book then they can manage reviews/book list/genre list. Not logged-in users can access all pages similar to logged-ed users but they cannot edit, delete, add reviews. Overall, the purpose of this website is to let users know about books and sharing their opinion about the books. The project will be implemented in PHP with a MySQL database. Moreover, the project will use CSS as well.

the backend side of this project used php framework from textbook "Php & Mysql: Novice To Ninja" 6th edition by Tom Butler and Kevin Yank. It was modified to be fit with my project
